README.md, before:

### Welcome to my GitHub  

I'm **Michael Bolanos**, an experienced IT & Security Consultant, System Administrator, and Home Automation enthusiast. I enjoy working with Linux, Windows, Mac, Home Assistant, Bash, Powershell, and Python.

### About Me  
- **Managing:**  Systems, networks, and cybersecurity frameworks.  
- **Scripting:**  Linux, macOS, and Windows automation.  
- **Exploring:**  Cybersecurity best practices, compliance, threat detection, and self-hosted monitoring solutions.  
- **Networking:**  WireGuard VPN, IoT security, cloud, and on-prem automation setups.  

### Projects & Interests  
- **Smart Home:**  Privacy-first automations with Home Assistant.  
- **IT & Security Tools:**  Developing admin scripts for system management, compliance audits, and security hardening.  
- **Networking & VPN Security:**  WireGuard, zero-trust security models, and self-hosted solutions.  
- **Threat Monitoring:**  SIEM tools, log aggregation, and automated alerts.  
- **AI & Automation:**  Finding ways to optimize workflows with scripting and AI-driven threat detection.  

---  



<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/michaelbolanos/michaelbolanos/output/github-snake-dark.svg" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/michaelbolanos/michaelbolanos/output/github-snake.svg" />
  <img alt="github-snake" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/michaelbolanos/michaelbolanos/output/github-snake.svg" />
</picture>

### Tools  

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_Source-3DA639?style=for-the-badge&logo=open-source-initiative&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Bash-4EAA25?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-5391FE?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Ansible-EE0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white" />
</p>

Commit message:

Revise README with personal details and interests
Updated personal introduction and added mention of Milwaukee tools and dog.

README.md, after:

### Welcome to my GitHub  

I'm an experienced IT Security Consultant, System Administrator, and Home Automation enthusiast. I enjoy working with Linux, Windows, Mac, Home Assistant, Bash, Powershell, Python, and Milwaukee tools.  My dog Crypto codes with me and we enjoy driving on two or four wheels for inspiration.

### About Me  
- **Managing:**  Systems, networks, and cybersecurity frameworks.  
- **Scripting:**  Linux, macOS, and Windows automation.  
- **Exploring:**  Cybersecurity best practices, compliance, threat detection, and self-hosted monitoring solutions.  
- **Networking:**  WireGuard VPN, IoT security, cloud, and on-prem automation setups.  

### Projects & Interests  
- **Smart Home:**  Privacy-first automations with Home Assistant.  
- **IT & Security Tools:**  Developing admin scripts for system management, compliance audits, and security hardening.  
- **Networking & VPN Security:**  WireGuard, zero-trust security models
- **Threat Monitoring:**  SIEM tools, log aggregation, and automated alerts.  
- **AI & Automation:**  Finding ways to optimize workflows with scripting and AI-driven threat detection.  

---  



<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/michaelbolanos/michaelbolanos/output/github-snake-dark.svg" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/michaelbolanos/michaelbolanos/output/github-snake.svg" />
  <img alt="github-snake" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/michaelbolanos/michaelbolanos/output/github-snake.svg" />
</picture>

### Tools  

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_Source-3DA639?style=for-the-badge&logo=open-source-initiative&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Bash-4EAA25?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-5391FE?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Ansible-EE0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white" />
</p>
